Docs: simplify "Add project" page (#11559)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/intro/add-project.rst

Adding a documentation project
==============================

.. meta::

>    :description lang=en: Add your existing technical documentation from version control system into Read the Docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description lang=en: Add your existing documentation from a Git repository into Read the Docs.
```

> This page drives you through the process to add a documentation project to Read the Docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page takes you through the process of adding a documentation project to Read the Docs.
```

Otherwise, you will need to add it manually and perform some extra steps.

Automatically add your project
------------------------------

#. Go to your :term:`dashboard`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Add project`.
#. Type the name of the respository you want to add and click on it.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Continue`.
#. Edit any of the pre-filled fields with information of the repository.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Next`.
#. Add a :term:`configuration file` to your repository if it's doesn't exist yet.
#. Click on :guilabel:`This file exists`.

Manually add your project
-------------------------

#. Go to your :term:`dashboard`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Add project`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Configure manually`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Continue`.
#. Fill all the fields of the form.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Next`.
#. Add a :term:`configuration file` to your repository if it's doesn't exist yet.
#. Click on :guilabel:`This file exists`.

Once your project is created, you'll need to manually configure the repository webhook if you would like to have new changes trigger builds for your project on Read the Docs.

.. seealso::

   :doc:`/guides/setup/git-repo-manual`

>       Once you have imported your Git project, use this guide to manually set up basic and additional *webhook* integration.

Reviewer 2: Another case of using `import`, but there were a few things here to address in addition. Namely, `git project` -> `manually created project` and giving an idea of set up steps in a clearer way.

```suggestion
      Additional setup steps required for manually created projects. This guide covers setting up SSH keys and webhook integrations.
```

What's next
-----------

> Once your documentation project was created, a build is triggered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your documentation project is created, a build will be triggered.
```
